docs/HOWTO_HEROKU_DEPLOY.md, before:

# Instructions for one click deployment to heroku
- Create a heroku account (if you don't have an account)- you will need to connect a CC to your account
- WARNING - this template will incur costs.
- Fill out environment variables in form --> instructions about that below
- Currently works when dyno settings for worker processes are set at `standard` --> for more information about dynos, visit [here](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/dynos)
- Currently works when Heroku Postgres add on is set at the `basic` level


## Heroku Database Installation-client (incase your db variables don't load initially)
- Database variables come from heroku database created for project located in database credentials. This app will create a heroku postgres database after you click deploy in the github repo. To get credentials:
  - Visit https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/<YOUR_APP_NAME>
  - Find `Installed add-ons` section and click on `Heroku Postgres`
  - You will be redirected to a page that includes `Datastores > <name of your postgresql instance` at the top
  - Click on `Settings`
  - Find `Database Credentials` section and click on `View Credentials ...`
    - Database = DB_NAME
    - User = DB_USER
    - Port = DB_PORT
    - Password = DB_PASSWORD
  - These variables should be placed in your Heroku environment variables form

## Notes about auth0 environment variable setup
- Create an auth0 account
- Click on `Clients`
- Click on `+Create Client`
- Create a name and click on click on `Single Page App` - click create
- If it asks for `What technology are you using?` - click ReactJS
- Click on `Settings` in the tabs
- You should see 3 variables at the top you need for your Heroku app.
  - Domain name = AUTH0_DOMAIN
  - Client ID = AUTH0_CLIENT_ID
  - Client Secret = AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET
- These variables should be placed in your heroku environment variables form
- Scroll to `Allowed Callback URLs` section and update it with (your heroku_app_url):
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback, http://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback`

- Scroll to `Allowed Logout URLs` section and update it with (your heroku_app_url):
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback, http://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback`

  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback` = AUTH0_LOGIN_CALLBACK
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/logout-callback` = AUTH0_LOGOUT_CALLBACK
- Scroll to `Allowed Origin (CORS)` add:
  - ` http://*.herokuapp.com`, ` https://*.herokuapp.com`
- Scroll to bottom and click on `Advanced Settings`
- Click on `OAuth` - make sure `OIDC Conformant` is turned off.

## Notes about twilio environment variable setup
- Create twilio account
- Click on `Programmable SMS` on the side panel
- Click on `Messaging Services`, and click the plus
- Create a friendly name
- Under `Properties`
  - SERVICE SID = TWILIO_MESSAGE_SERVICE_SID
- Under `Inbound Settings`
  - Make sure `PROCESS INBOUND MESSAGES` is selected
  - `REQUEST URL` is `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio`
- Under Outbound Settings
  - `STATUS CALLBACK URL` is `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio-message-report`
  - TWILIO_STATUS_CALLBACK_URL = `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio-message-report`
- Visit the [dashboard](https://www.twilio.com/console)
- Under `Account Summary`
  - TWILIO_API_KEY = ACCOUNT SID
  - TWILIO_APPLICATION_SID = TWILIO_MESSAGE_SERVICE_SID
  - TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN = AUTH TOKEN

Visit [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/messaging/services-and-copilot) to configure messaging service features

Commit message:

free heroku-tier with instructions on how to upgrade to production level at startup, with some better defaults

docs/HOWTO_HEROKU_DEPLOY.md, after:

# Instructions for one click deployment to heroku
- Create a heroku account (if you don't have an account)- you will need to connect a credit card to your account
- Fill out environment variables in form --> instructions about that below
- Unless you change the `JOBS_SAME_PROCESS` environment variable, do not start any of the processes besides `web`
- The default setup is a free tier for processing and the database. See below for scaling and production requirements


## Notes about auth0 environment variable setup
- Create an auth0 account
- Click on `Clients`
- Click on `+Create Client`
- Create a name and click on click on `Single Page App` - click create
- If it asks for `What technology are you using?` - click ReactJS
- Click on `Settings` in the tabs
- You should see 3 variables at the top you need for your Heroku app.
  - Domain name = AUTH0_DOMAIN
  - Client ID = AUTH0_CLIENT_ID
  - Client Secret = AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET
- These variables should be placed in your heroku environment variables form
- Scroll to `Allowed Callback URLs` section and update it with (your heroku_app_url):
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback, http://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback`

- Scroll to `Allowed Logout URLs` section and update it with (your heroku_app_url):
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback, http://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback`

  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/login-callback` = AUTH0_LOGIN_CALLBACK
  - `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/logout-callback` = AUTH0_LOGOUT_CALLBACK
- Scroll to `Allowed Origin (CORS)` add:
  - ` http://*.herokuapp.com`, ` https://*.herokuapp.com`
- Scroll to bottom and click on `Advanced Settings`
- Click on `OAuth` - make sure `OIDC Conformant` is turned off.


## Notes about twilio environment variable setup
- Create twilio account
- Click on `Programmable SMS` on the side panel
- Click on `Messaging Services`, and click the plus
- Create a friendly name
- Under `Properties`
  - SERVICE SID = TWILIO_MESSAGE_SERVICE_SID
- Under `Inbound Settings`
  - Make sure `PROCESS INBOUND MESSAGES` is selected
  - `REQUEST URL` is `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio`
- Under Outbound Settings
  - `STATUS CALLBACK URL` is `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio-message-report`
  - TWILIO_STATUS_CALLBACK_URL = `https://<YOUR_HEROKU_APP_URL>/twilio-message-report`
- Visit the [dashboard](https://www.twilio.com/console)
- Under `Account Summary`
  - TWILIO_API_KEY = ACCOUNT SID
  - TWILIO_APPLICATION_SID = TWILIO_MESSAGE_SERVICE_SID
  - TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN = AUTH TOKEN

Visit [here](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/messaging/services-and-copilot) to configure messaging service features


## Setting up for production scale (Database, etc)

The default deployment from the Heroku button is free, but has a processing and database limit of 10,000 messages total.
This may be sufficient for a single small campaign, but if you intend multiple/regular campaigns, we recommend upgrading
the database and possibly the `web` 'dyno' instance (to [Hobby or Standard](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/dynos)).  At the time of this writing a ['hobby basic' level for the database is ~$9.00/month](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgres-plans#plan-tiers).

For production scale, the best time to upgrade the database is before you start using the app, because the easiest path erases all
previous data.  If you have existing data, please refer to Heroku docs on [how to upgrade a database](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/upgrading-heroku-postgres-databases) (it's complicated).

If you haven't used the app, after you've created the instance (filled out the variables, and 'deployed' it)
follow these steps:

1. Go to the 'Resources' tab for your app and scroll to the bottom
2. Under 'Add-ons' to the right end of the "Heroku Postgres::Database" line, click the little up-down carrot
3. Choose 'Remove' and follow the procedure for removal
4. Then, in the 'Add-ons' search box (where it says 'Quickly add add-ons from Elements'), type "postgres"
5. Choose the "Heroku Postgres" option and then choose the tier you desire (see Heroku Postgres tier documentation for details)
6. At the very top of the page for your app, in the upper right click the 'More' button and choose 'Restart all dynos'
